## Conclusion

From this project we were able to judge a variety of caffeinated drinks based on three primary criterion in order to better inform a consumer on which product would best suit their preferences.

From the Type consideration we were able to organize caffeinated drinks by type and brand to determine how each compares in terms of caffeine content per calorie. From this chart we were able to determine that some caffeinated drink types such as Energy Drinks are relatively homogeneous in terms of caffeine content per calorie whereas Soft Drinks contain more variability. From this, a consumer could determine which type of caffeinated drink best suits their preferences in terms of caffeine and calorie content, and from there could specify the specific brand and type of drink they would prefer. In this way, a consumer is able to narrow down there choices within the wide variety of caffeinated drinks available to make their decision easier.

From the Value consideration we demonstrated how some of the most popular caffeinated drink products compare in terms of price to volume. From this chart we can see that products like Arizona Iced Tea and Mountain Dew have an extremely good volume to price value ratio, whereas products like 5 Hour Energy and Starbucks Bottled Cold Brew have a much worse value. This information allows the money-minded consumer to determine which caffeinated drink will be the greatest value for them in terms of the volume in liquid received for their purchase. This information can help customers gain a better understanding of which products may be overpriced based on brand name recognition and highlight more valuable products they may not have previously considered.

From the Safety consideration we determined that some caffeinated drinks contain more caffeine than is safe to be consumed within a single day. These products include Black Label Brewed Coffee, Biohazard Coffee, and Stipe Miocic Extra Strength Coffee. Although many non-coffee caffeinated drinks contain less caffeine than the daily safe maximum, some contain a very small volume of liquid. Consumers should consider how much of a caffeinated drink they intend to consume during a day when selecting a product to purchase. From this chart, a consumer can be informed on whether a drink falls within the safe guidelines for caffeine consumption, and can ascertain an idea of how many drinks they could have during a day to stay within safe caffeine consumption limits.

With this information, a consumer can be the best informed on the caffeinated drinks available to them and which suits their preferences in terms of Type, Value, and Safety, in order to make an informed purchase.
